Oh testing all right hi youtube this is
bloom 1689 I know you saw that other
didn't let go disney princess one
because it was too dark so I yeah cuz it
was like 12 at midnight at the time and
I was thinking about making group well i
was thinking wrong because it was too
dark in here i have my dim light that
him work so let's get started this is
princess ariel it this is Serena I was
top in her tail I was wondering if
either i should have the green tail too
but I really wasn't sure just put that
there
as C do some crap like props and stuff
over this is what scuttle calls his
smart flat even though it looks like a
big huge bold but you get my point and
even though it's not a you know fort
it's a little Lego protractor hangout
project but a compass that's pretty cool
in it and I got this from like a parts
of the Caribbean when they try to get
those moment yeah this whole body part
and the tail tail and top came with that
so yeah here's the contract and you know
it has nothing on it then I try to find
some skeleton thing but this off the
stage here
there that's better so here close let's
move this out of the way
your first type of closing clothing
here is another closing when kiss the
girl I her clothing before she turn it
back into mermaid stuff yeah hmm free me
I just woke up hello so I nice clear and
lighter and brighter so this is room 16
in nine and all as well
the buff